---
layout: post
title: Dragons
---

As the Paramara dynasty settled in the area now known as the Bhojpur district in Bihar, they brought their favorite pets, Dragons, from Ujjain. The one problem with the move from Ujjain to Bhojpur was that dragons could not digest the sattu-filled *litti chokha*, as they were used to the far inferior plain *baati chokha* from Ujjain. This caused a lot of acidity in the dragons, to the extent that they would burp clouds of smoke. Rani Paramaag devi was the first person to learn to harvest this to her advantage by making the dragons spit this fiery acid out. But more about this later…


As the dynasty flourished, so did the local area, evolving its cultural identity and language. The European traveler Megasthenes, traveled to the Bhojpur area during his visit to India. He saw that the people in Bhojpur had a lot of *valor*. In his travel memoirs, he called the area Valor Area. Seleucus Nikator, not being a very learned man thought that Megasthenes visited a place called *Valyria*. 


Hence started the misunderstanding that dragons came from ancient Valyria when dragons were Paramara dynasty’s pets from Bhojpur Bihar. Even in the modern day, we can find traces of the origin of dragons from Bhojpur by understanding some of the commands they respond to. The most important command of course is *dracarys.* Remember how Rani Paramaag devi learned to harness dragon’s acidity as a weapon, the key technique Rani developed was to be able to command the dragon to burp out the fiery acid. She did this by using the word *dakaris,* which in the Bhojpuri language meant *please burp*. Over the years the term got confused and people started using ***dracarys*** instead. Hence losing another part of the golden history of ancient India.